improve sig-node e2e-node testing documentation (#4829)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-node/e2e-node-tests.md

# Notes on tests run by the Kubernetes project during pre-, post- submit.

> The node e2e tests are run by the PR builder for each Pull Request and the results published at

Reviewer: Whats the PR builder anyway? :eyes:

Reviewer 2: It's prow.  The tests are run by prow.  I don't know when this sentence dates from.  Might be leftover terminology from when jenkins was used, and there was a dedicated instance for PR's

> the bottom of the comments section. To re-run just the node e2e tests from the PR builder add the comment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the bottom of the comments section. To have prow re-run the node e2e tests against a PR, add the comment
```

> `/retest pull-kubernetes-node-e2e` and **include a link to the test

Reviewer 2: One nit: `/retest` is an entirely separate command (ref: https://prow.k8s.io/command-help#retest)
```suggestion
`/test pull-kubernetes-node-e2e` and **include a link to the test
```

Reviewer 2: Another thought might be comment an example of linking to a flake; putting info on the same line won't work
```
/test pull-kubernetes-node-e2e
flake due to #12345
```

failure logs if caused by a flake.**

The PR builder runs tests against the images listed in [https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/jobs/e2e_node/image-config.yaml].

> Other [prow jobs](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/prow/jobs.md)

Reviewer 2: It may be worth linking where the node e2e jobs are defined, but I won't block if you decide to leave this as-is
```suggestion
Other [node e2e prow jobs](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/tree/master/config/jobs/kubernetes/sig-node)
```

Author: AGHH, that's terrifying. At no point do we mention what code is being run. Not sure down here is the best place, but I might jam it in here because it is close in context.
